Add document about Education pack (#629)
sider/sider-docs: docs/billing-and-plans.md

At this time, Sider will change your plan to the Free plan unless you update Sider's plan. The Free plan analyzes your public repositories, however, one doesn't analyze your private repositories.

## Education Plan

If you're a student, you can join the Education plan through [GitHub Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack) to use Sider for free.

> The Education plan is for only the student's `individual organization(personal account)`. So, after joining GitHub Student Developer Pack, make sure to select your GitHub personal account when you use Sider. If you select other repositories instead of the personal account on Sider, the Standard plan with 14 days trial will be applied.

Reviewer: [suggestion]
```suggestion
The Education plan is only for the student's `individual organization(personal account)`. Make sure to select your GitHub individual organization when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer pack. If you select other repositories instead of your individual organization on Sider, we apply the Standard plan with 14 days to the repositories.

If you wish to apply an Education plan to your academic organizations (e.g., student organizations, course work, research groups, etc.), contact us via the chat button at the bottom right on Sider. We welcome requests from not only students but also faculty and staff.
```

Let's add custom education plans for academic organization. (Is it OK? > @sumyapp )

Author: @gnakagaw
Fixed it on https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/629/commits/26b72479e3246a2a89e39e1486c1b6b20936f8f1

[Question]
Can Education pack users use the Sider enterprise? If they can use it, how to manage it? 🤔 

https://sider.review/pricing

![Screen Shot 2021-06-29 at 14 14 57](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42969906/123741303-c38ef080-d8e4-11eb-9c11-ce5f86fed857.jpg)

[Custom Education plan for academic]
Please let me know that I need to add it or not

Reviewer: > [Question] Can Education pack users use the Sider enterprise? If they can use it, how to manage it?

How about that? > @sumyapp 

> [Custom Education plan for academic]
> Please let me know that I need to add it or not

I already add the sentence for that in my suggestion comment. So, you don't need to add.
> If you wish to apply an Education plan to your academic organizations (e.g., student organizations, course work, research groups, etc.), contact us via the chat button at the bottom right on Sider. We welcome requests from not only students but also faculty and staff.

Reviewer 2: > Let's add custom education plans for academic organization. (Is it OK? > @sumyapp )

It' okay. But I think the GitHub Education pack is different from Education(generally) plan.
Customer can use Sider Enterprise free if they are university or somethings educationale organization.

How about add a row "GitHub Education Pack Integration" and check mark to Education?
And explain about GitHub Education Pack.

Author: I'm confused. 😵  So, actually, there are two plans for `GitHub Student Developer Pack`.

- Education plan for students: students can use Sider with their individual organization for free.
- Education plan for organizations like the university: it can use all features of Sider for free.

If the universities want to use Sider enterprise, they should contact us, right? 🤔

Author: @gnakagaw 
I added the documentation about academics on https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/629/commits/02e581d04e44e071b892bdaf9ac1ec78aaa5847f as you suggested.

> The Education plan is only for the student's `individual organization(personal account)`. Make sure to select your GitHub individual organization when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other repositories instead of your individual organization on Sider, We apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.

Reviewer 2: Currently, After signup to Sider, the free trial will start automatically. If the user.student? is true, don't start the free trial is better, but currently, the trial will start in that case.

Author: @gnakagaw 
So, we need to modify the Sider for this, don't we? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Of course, it is a good thing but we can provide or expand the free trial period manually. So the customer does not have a huge problem I think.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Education plan is only for the student's `individual organization(personal account)`. Make sure to select your GitHub individual organization when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other repositories instead of your individual organization on Sider, we offer the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.
```

'offer' could be better for this case.

At this time, Sider will change your plan to the Free plan unless you update Sider's plan. The Free plan analyzes your public repositories, however, one doesn't analyze your private repositories.

## Education Plan

If you're a student, you can join the Education plan through [GitHub Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack) to use Sider for free.

> The Education plan is only for the student's `personal user account`. Make sure to select your GitHub personal user account when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other organization's repositories instead of your personal user account on Sider, We apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.

Reviewer: [suggestion] Add a link to GitHub document.

```suggestion
The Education plan is only for the student's [`personal user account`](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/types-of-github-accounts#personal-user-accounts). Make sure to select your GitHub personal user account when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other organization's repositories instead of your personal user account on Sider, We apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.
```

> The Education plan is only for the student's [personal user account](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/types-of-github-accounts#personal-user-accounts). Make sure to select your GitHub personal user account when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other organization's repositories instead of your personal user account on Sider, We apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.

Reviewer 3: typo:
```suggestion
The Education plan is only for the student's [personal user account](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/types-of-github-accounts#personal-user-accounts). Make sure to select your GitHub personal user account when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other organization's repositories instead of your personal user account on Sider, we apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.
```

> If you wish to apply an Education plan to your academic organizations (e.g., student organizations, course work, research groups, etc.), contact us via the chat button at the bottom right on Sider. We welcome requests from not only students but also faculty and staff.

Reviewer 3: How about this?

```suggestion
If you wish to apply the Education plan to your academic organizations (e.g., student organizations, course work, research groups, etc.), contact us via the chat button at the bottom right on Sider. We welcome requests from not only students but also educators.
```

Author: @suetsuguk 
Fixed it on https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/629/commits/ce1b681a934ef8f98777f8bdf5d0e0802e7d4da2
Thanks

If you're a student, you can join the Education plan through [GitHub Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack) to use Sider for free.

> The Education plan is only for the student's `personal user account`. Make sure to select your GitHub personal user account when you use Sider with GitHub Student Developer Pack. If you select other organization's repositories instead of your personal user account on Sider, We apply the Standard plan with 14 days trial to the repositories.

Author: @gnakagaw 
GitHub uses the `personal user account` keyword instead of the `individual organization`.

- GitHub docs: [Types of GitHub accounts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/types-of-github-accounts)

So, I changed it on https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/629/commits/f248845b9fc9a21f7de6e619c5a2ef75260ef61e.
